Ayo, yo, yo, hold up, hold up
Hold it, man
Hold up, stop this track
All my people across the globe
If you know a jealous motherfucker, feel this track, alright? (Word up)
Feel this shit (Feel it, feel it)

You know, if you make moves some people will envy
Say, what's-what's up with this jealousy? (Come on)

You know people say shit 'bout you and me
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (I don't know, one more time now)
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (Uh, yes, yes, yes)
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy?

Yes, y'all (Y'all), I love it when you hate
Now let's calculate, take it straight to straight
Take it to your face or wherever you lay
Oh, you say, "You fake," won't talk shit to your face
See, in the first place, you made a crucial mistake
My crew congregates just to aggravate
With plots to infiltrate and abbreviate
And if you think we out, shit, we got rhythm for days
Take it to another phase, rip your ass off the stage
Havin' you feelin' the blaze of NWAs
And if they ask you "Who you doin'?" tell 'em, "That nigga Tres"
Yeah, damn right I'm great, like the porno tapes
Endless pursuit of the ladies like collecting papes
To these jealous niggas, let the jail be your mate
Jail cell'll be your mate, ain't got time for the fake
To those fake niggas, need to put 'em away

You know people say shit 'bout you and me
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (Mm, come on)
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy?
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy?

Spread the word (Word), that nigga's hardcore
Envious emcees lyrics are cardboard
Rip 'em up, 'cause I'm the real Jack Ripper
(Uh-huh) I call him Jack trippin' over
(Uh-huh) Who call himself passin' over tryin to provoke
The High Priest, got you in my sefirot
Envious niggas I don't trust
Thought I didn't see when the act erupt
Dracula nigga, step back, 'cause I'm the cross
I'm winnin' this game, my my, you left in the frost
Check my mic, when I bust, it got tossed
Lost in the crowd and jealous niggas wanna floss
I'm all in your face grippin' my nuts, nigga, what? Nigga, what? (What?)

Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy?

You know people say shit 'bout you and me
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (I don't know, come on)
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (What's up? One more time)
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (Jealousy make you say what the f—)

This goes out to the niggas that's talking the shit
Same niggas that be dubbing tapes and walking and shit
No life-having like a nigga that's stalking a bitch
No joke, broke, y'all niggas be cracking me up
Player hating, plotting, planning on jacking me up
Don't do it, you don't know these niggas is backing me up
Hardcore, fuck rap, clapping a gat, nigga, what?
Hardcore, pimp smack 'em up and mackin 'em, what?
Good shit, like you fifty-five in the back of the bus
Hot shit, SV, your shit wack as a fuck
Don't get jealous 'cause the S is stackin' 'em up
Say (What, what), say

You know, if you make moves some people will envy
Say, what's-what's up with this jealousy? (Who knows?)

You know people say shit 'bout you and me
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (Uh, man, c'mon)
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy? (There it go, y'all)
Uh-huh, what's up with this jealousy?

Uh-huh

Brr-ding, brr-ding
Somebody page, a page, who paged me?
This is ****, what's up?
Oh shit, what's up?
Nothin', chillin' with me and my girl
Ayy, ayy, what's up with the three-screw
What? Girl, this nigga foolin'
What's up? I mean, you know, me and and y'all two
Anyway
Aw shit, why you tryna front, girl? I know how you get down
What? What?